This experiment projects an initiative
Thank you for coming to the original talent etc.
Thank you very much
There is a white house that I have continued at the regular dealer
On the other hand, in shops such as Tatamet
Discontinuation of new car used car training completed by Zico brand 350 years
Yesterday is Japan's largest
It is Dreamland of import car
We will show you the full-scale sales system of for.net
First of all
It is difficult to reach the White House through regular dealers
We stocked high quality imported cars and used cars
Let's introduce the vehicle by the third party organization in the position of composition
Notify all vehicles
The second sales price will be easily accepted by the entire company
Provided unfair one price to everyone
Doing
We did the sales as the customer told
Thirdly
First victory after purchase
According to the authorities posted their own strict standards
We do delivery inspection and maintenance
Both companies have one year mileage unlimited brother's license or
Limited to the level crossing
Depending on the dealer network backup project
You can read only the score with confidence
Original implementation